Calculate which sets have the same elements - None - Simple - false
Calculate which sets have the same elements - Thread - Simple - false
Calculate which sets have the same elements - Thread - Simple - true
Error in AVG - None - Simple - true
Graphspecific DELETE 2 - None - Simple - true
Graphspecific DELETE WHERE 1 - None - Simple - true
Positive EXISTS 1 - None - Simple - true
Positive EXISTS 1 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
pp09 Reverse sequence path - None - Simple - true
pp34 Named Graph 1 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery11853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery12210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery12553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery31853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery32553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery41853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery42553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery51853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery52210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery61853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery71853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery81853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery82553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery101853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery111853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery11853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery121853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery121853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery121853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery121853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery121853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery21853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery21853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery21853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery21853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery21853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery21853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery22553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery31853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery41853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery51853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery51853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery61853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery62553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery72553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery81853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery81853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery82553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery91853sparql1853 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92210sparql2210 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery92553sparql2553 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesbtc029sparql1198 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesbtc029sparql1198 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbtc030sparql867 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc030sparql867 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc030sparql867 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc030sparql867 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - None - Simple - false
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - None - Simple - true
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriesoptional37sparql5 - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesoptional37sparql5 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional56sparql5 - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesoptional56sparql5 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery1sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery211sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery212sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery212sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery212sparql377 simulatorparkinginputsmallttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery213sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery21sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery21sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery21sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery2sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery311sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery312sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery313sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery314sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery315sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery316sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery317sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery31sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery32sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery3sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery411sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery411sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery411sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery411sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery411sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery411sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery411sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery412sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery414sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery415sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery416sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery417sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery417sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery417sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery417sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery417sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery417sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery41sparql377 simulatorparkinginputsmallttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery42sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery4sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery511sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery512sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery513sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery51sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery51sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery51sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery51sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery51sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery51sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery51sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery5sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery611sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery612sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery613sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery614sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery615sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery615sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery615sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery615sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery615sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery615sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery615sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery616sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery61sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery621sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery62sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery62sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery62sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery62sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery62sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery62sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery6sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery711sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery71sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery721sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery722sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery72sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery7sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery811sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery811sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery811sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery811sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery811sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery811sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery813sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery814sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery815sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery816sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery816sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery816sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery816sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery816sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery816sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery81sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery821sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery82sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery8sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - None - Simple - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery8sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery8sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery8sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcesmyqueriessimulatorparkingquery8sparql2502 simulatorparkinginputttl - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql247 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql21 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql21 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql247 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql247 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql247 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql247 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq12csparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql247 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq2sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql700 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3asparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3bsparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql247 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql247 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql247 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql247 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5asparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq5bsparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq61sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq65sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq67sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql247 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql700 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql700 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq8sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql700 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql700 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq91sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1294 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql247 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql973 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1294 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1294 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1294 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql1640 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - None - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - None - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_1_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_2_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_O_AllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - PartitionByKeyAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - false
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - Thread - Simple - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql700 - Thread - PartitionByIDTwiceAllCollations - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql973 - None - Simple - true
sparqldl06rq cycle of undistinguished variables - Thread - Simple - true
sq08  Subquery with aggregate - None - Simple - false
STRDT TypeErrors - None - Simple - false
syntaxupdatebad03ru - Thread - PartitionByID_S_AllCollations - false
